feat: Require signed messages (#876)
streamr-dev/network: packages/client/CHANGELOG.md

- Replace method `subscription.onResent(listener)` with `subscription.once('resendComplete', listener)`
- Resend supports multiple storage nodes: the data is fetched from a random storage node
- Enforce concurrency limit for smart contract calls (per contract, configurable with `maxConcurrentContractCalls` config option)

> - Enforce messages to be signed
>   - a client ignores all non-signed messages it receives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enforce presence of message signatures
  - all non-signed messages received by client are simply ignored
```
